README.adoc, before:

Translations Extractor for Qcadoo
=================================

Homepage: https://github.com/qcadoo/translation-extractor


Installation
------------

Ruby 1.9.3+ is required.

NOTE: Gem has not been pushed to Rubygems, thus most obvious installation
procedure (+gem install qcadoo_translations_extractor+) will fail.


System-wide
~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ gem install path/to/gem/package
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

where +path/to/gem/package+ points to +*.gem+ in +pkg+ directory.  Depending on
system setup, you may need to use +sudo+.


Project-wide with Bundler
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
gem "qcadoo_translations_extractor", :path => path/to/gem/package/or/repo
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And then execute:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ bundle
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Finally, make sure that gem is in +$PATH+:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ which extract_translations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Usage
-----

Run it without parameters to see help.  The executable is named
+extract_translations+.


Developing
----------

Make sure Bundler is installed.  Then run `bundle` to install deps.  This is
required only once (provided that dependencies do not change).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ gem install bundler
bundle
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Run Guard which will rebuild parser and run specs when source files change.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ bundle exec guard
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Run development version of the gem from current directory:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ bundle exec extract_translations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Parser is built with kPEG, see https://github.com/evanphx/kpeg[docs].

In order to build new version, bump the number
in (+lib/translations_extractor/version.rb+) and run +rake build+
(not +release+).  Finally, add the package built (+pkg/*.gem+) to repo and push.


Contributing
------------

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/qcadoo/translation-extractor/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Readme notes on user-wide installation

README.adoc, after:

Translations Extractor for Qcadoo
=================================

Homepage: https://github.com/qcadoo/translation-extractor


Installation
------------

Ruby 1.9.3+ is required.

NOTE: Gem has not been pushed to Rubygems, thus most obvious installation
procedure (+gem install qcadoo_translations_extractor+) will fail.


System-wide
~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ gem install path/to/gem/package
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

where +path/to/gem/package+ points to +*.gem+ in +pkg+ directory.  Depending on
system setup, you may need to use +sudo+.


User-wide
~~~~~~~~~

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ gem install --user-install path/to/gem/package
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In case of problems, refer to http://guides.rubygems.org/faqs/#user-install


Project-wide with Bundler
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
gem "qcadoo_translations_extractor", :path => path/to/gem/package/or/repo
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And then execute:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ bundle
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Finally, make sure that gem is in +$PATH+:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ which extract_translations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Usage
-----

Run it without parameters to see help.  The executable is named
+extract_translations+.


Developing
----------

Make sure Bundler is installed.  Then run `bundle` to install deps.  This is
required only once (provided that dependencies do not change).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ gem install bundler
bundle
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Run Guard which will rebuild parser and run specs when source files change.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ bundle exec guard
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Run development version of the gem from current directory:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ bundle exec extract_translations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Parser is built with kPEG, see https://github.com/evanphx/kpeg[docs].

In order to build new version, bump the number
in (+lib/translations_extractor/version.rb+) and run +rake build+
(not +release+).  Finally, add the package built (+pkg/*.gem+) to repo and push.


Contributing
------------

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/qcadoo/translation-extractor/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
